1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Answer- We don't have to write the same code over and over; instead, we can generate a function and call it anytime we want.

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
Answer- It will execute only when you will call it out.

3. What statement creates a function?
Answer- In Python, the “def” keyword is used to define a function. You begin a function with the def keyword, then give it a name and a colon (:).

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Answer- A function is a piece of code that performs a certain task and returns a value. The code that is used to transfer power to a function is known as a function call.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
Answer- Per program execution, there is only one global Python scope. This scope will exist until the software is over and all of its titles have been lost.
       X=10          #X is a global funtion
       def fun(Y):
         A= Y+X       #Y and A are local 
         return(A)
       fun(1)

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
Answer- A local variable keeps its value until the function is called again. After the function call, a local variable becomes undefined. After the function call, 
        the local variable can be used outside of the function at any time.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
Answer- The return declaration tells a program to exit the subroutine and return to the return address. It may be an int, str, or array, for example. 
        Yes, return value can be part of expression.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
Answer- None will be returned.

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
Answer- A variable created within a function is local, meaning it can only be used inside that function. 
        The global keyword can be used to construct a global variable within a function.

10. What is the data type of None?
Answer- The None keyword is used to specify a null value, or one that has no value at all. None isn't the same as 0 or False, nor is it the same as an empty string. 
        None is its own data form (NoneType), and there can only be None.

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
Answer- Python can search whether there is a module called areallyourpetsnamederic or not. If it is there, 
        it will automatically load all of the functions within it, and we will be able to use them anytime we want. If it isn't there,
        an error such as ModuleNotFoundError would be thrown.

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
Answer- Import spam as sp
        sp.bacon()

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
Answer- using exception handling.

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
Answer- A try clause is executed before the first exception is thrown. You specify how the application responds to the exception in the except clause.
